Be honest and don't move
Ouch, your mouth is too hard, be gentle.
This is all for your face.
You really take yourself seriously, don't you?
Dare to make up my adult at will on the street
General
What's going on?
Don't you have to explain?
Hey, isn't this Lord Ma Liang?
How come?
To treat Lord Ma Liang like this
Adults are ready to know
Pay attention next time
Lord Ma Liang came to visit me
For the first time.
It should be the last time
Hey!
General
Your reception style is really ingenious.
The general asked you to come
I didn't let you scream in the street
Is this known to everyone?
The point is that I'm already here.
Hey, promise me
Hahahaha
I love talking to smart people.
Give him a throne
Hurry up!
Mingren doesn't say secret words
I want to know what the chick's cultivation level is now
I need to know this
I'm afraid the baby bird princess can't sleep
Hmph, don't play dumb for me
Young birds secretly practice immortality
It's nothing new.
I just want to know
What exactly is he now?
Does it make any difference to the general?